Workshop 5:

Question - 1

1. Create a class "Mathematics" which contains following methods:
	a. average - to find average of two numbers
	b. average - to find average of elements of an integer array
	c. power - to calculate the power of given number
		example: power (2,5) should calculate 2^5 i.e. 32
	
	Optional: add another method isPrime() that returns true if a given number is prime 
			  else returns false 
			  

2. Create another class "MathDemo" to test all the methods of Mathematics class.


Question - 2 

Problem: Your friend just established a mobile phone shop in Itahari. He wants to store all
		the details of mobile phones that he owns in a software. But he doesn't have any money to 
		buy such software. As you are an IT student, you friend requests you to develop a system
		that has following features:

1. A class "Mobile" which contains following attributes where all attributes are private:
	a. company name of type String
	b. mobile name of type String
	c. model number of type int
	d. RAM of type byte
	e. internal storage of type int
	f. screen size of type double
	g. total count of sold units of type int
	h. expandable storage of type boolean
	
2. Accessor methods for all attributes (getter method and setter method) 
	NOTE: do not create setter method for total count.
	
3. A method displayDetails() that displays all the details related to that mobile
   in proper format
	
4. Another method isSame() that takes an object of type Mobile as its parameter 
   and returns true if the model number is same, otherwise return false
   
Now, you will have to test your system before giving it to your friend. For doing that
you have to do the following:

1.  Create another class "MobileDemo" and do the following:
	a. Create an array of type Mobile that can store the details of at most 30 mobiles.
	b. Create at least 10 objects of type Mobile and store them in that array.

2. Now, you will need to generate an output for following:
	a. Display total number of mobile phones that are in the store
	b. Display the details of all the phones from "Apple" company
	c. Display the details of all the phones having following configurations:
		RAM = 4 
		Internal Storage = 64
	d. Compare the model number of two phones
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   